- [Nana K] I know I'm a dreamer
at heart,
but I never guessed in my
wildest dreams
that we'd ever see each other
again.
All I knew about her
was her name.
(upbeat rock music)
- Oh.
It looks like someone's
already here.
You don't mind if I show
the place to my client?
- [Yokoi] I'm sorry, but no.
This young lady's pretty much
decided to take the place.
- Nana?
It is you, isn't it?
What a coincidence.
- Who are you?
- [Nana K] Am I that
forgettable?
- Sorry. Sorry.
I know who you are now.
You all right, Nana?
- So you do remember!
- I didn't recognize you
at first.
Those clothes and that hair
make you look completely
different.
Total change of style.
- So I take it you two
are friends?
- Yes, we're good friend.
- I wouldn't say
we're friends exactly.
- Anyway, I suppose we
should get down to business,
Miss Osaki.
Have you decided, will you take
the place?
- [Nana O] I'm still
thinking about it.
- Well, if you haven't decided,
perhaps you'd allow me to
give this young lady a tour
of the apartment?
- Cool!
The kitchen is so cute.
The rooms are so big.
An old fashioned clawfoot tub?
(Nana K laughing)
I'll take it!
- [Nana And Yokoi] Hold on a
minute.
- I found this place first.
You can't just barge in
here and take it from me.
- I didn't mean to, I'm sorry.
- You should be.
What about earth were you
thinking?
- Didn't look as though you
had made up your mind yet.
- Well, now I have.
I'm taking it.
Yokoi.
- Wait, don't do it.
- I'm not waiting.
My mind's made up.
I'm fed up with sleeping
in crappy rundown hotels.
I don't care where I live,
as long as I get a
place of my own now.
- If you don't care
where you live
then find somewhere else,
'cause this is where I want to
live.
- What's wrong with you staying
at your boyfriend's?
He dumped you didn't he?
- No!
But if things carry on the
way they have been, he might.
- What do you mean?
I thought you were all
lovey dovey for him.
- I thought so too, but last
night he--
- Excuse me,
ladies.
I'm not sure now is the time
to be discussing nonsense.
- [Nana K And Nana O] Nonsense?
- Here I am suffering such
pain and he calls it nonsense?
- Yokoi!
- Yes?
- For someone who supposedly
works in the service industry,
you sure don't have much tact.
- I'm sorry, I apologize.
- Your job isn't just about
earning a paycheck you know.
Be a little more sensitive.
- [Ondo] Now now, calm down
ladies.
- Sensitive?
- If I may, I have a suggestion
I'd like to run by you.
- Who the hell is this old
guy anyway, your grandpa?
- This is Mr. Ondo from
the real estate agency
by the train station.
He's been in the biz for 52
years, so he's like a veteran.
- It's obvious the two of
you already know each other.
Perhaps you should consider
renting the apartment together.
Why don't you become roommates?
The place is designed with
the dining room in the middle
and two bedrooms at opposite
ends,
which means you can have your
own privacy.
Plus you'll have each other's
company when you want it.
Sharing an apartment can be
a very rewarding experience.
Also by sharing, you'll each
only half to pay half the rent.
- [Both] Half the rent?
- Half of 70,000?
- 35,000 yen.
- [Both] That's so cheap.
- [Nana K] Let's go for it,
Nana.
- I suppose this means you
and I are gonna have to
split our brokers fee
in half as well.
- Yeah, sounds okay.
But how do I know I can
live with you?
Can you respect someone else's
privacy?
- [Nana K] Of course I can.
- If privacy is an issue,
you can always put locks
on the bedroom doors.
It's a very cheap solution.
I can even arrange the
installation.
- Oh, thank you, Mr. Ondo, thank
you!
You're such a nice person.
Isn't he a nice--
- Are you sure you wanna
go ahead with this?
Yes, it'll be cheaper,
but think it through.
Sharing an apartment
with a stranger
can cause all kinds of problems.
- I disagree.
Yokoi, you're a sad lonely man.
Mr. Ondo.
How soon can those
locks be put in?
- If I arrange it right away,
I can have someone come
by tomorrow morning.
- Thank you.
Please do.
I'll start moving my stuff
in tomorrow afternoon.
What about you?
- Yeah, me too.
(light upbeat music)
- Starting tomorrow, you and
I will be roommates, Nana.
- Just what the hell
are you thinking anyway?
- Why not?
Sharing an apartment is what
foreigners do all the time.
I bet it's lots of fun.
- How could you be
so naive, Nana?
You can't just move into
an apartment
with some random stranger!
- But she isn't a stranger.
I already told you,
we met on the train.
I don't think it was just a
coincidence
that we were sitting
next to each other.
Maybe it's got something
to do with the demon Lord.
- Shut up about that demon Lord.
- I don't understand why
you're so mad at me, Jun.
Are you jealous 'cause I'll be
living with some other girl?
You know, Jun, I'd love to
move in with you if I could,
but you've already got
Kyosuke, so I can't.
- What if she tries to
take advantage of you?
Thought of that?
- Take advantage?
- Doesn't surprise me you'd
attract that type of woman
considering the way you
act all the time.
- Just what are you trying
to say Jun?
- You never know,
she might be a crazy
serial killer or something.
- Don't be ridiculous.
- How can you be sure?
You're moving in with
a total stranger.
You could find yourself
chopped up and buried in cement
and then sunk in the bottom
of Tokyo Bay.
- You're overreacting!
- Whatever, I give up.
What do I care if something
happens?
Just don't come crying
to me when it does.
You know, Shoji is gonna freak
out when he hears about this.
Have you even told him yet?
- No.
I was gonna wait till later
on when he got home from work.
He probably wouldn't
want someone bugging him
while he is busy working.
- And it's okay to bug
me while I'm working.
- Hey Jun, this is the cutest
dress ever.
Maybe I'll get it. (yells)
- I'm not selling you anything!
- Maybe there's some cool
job listings in here.
Man, Jun is lucky.
She gets to work in
such a cool store.
She's got a great body and
she's got Kyosuke, too.
No lights on.
I guess, Shoji's not home yet.
He should have been back by now.
(phone ringing)
(clock ticking)
Hello?
- [Automated Voice] Your
call is being forwarded
to an automatic voicemail
system.
At the tone, please leave a
message.
- [Nana K] Why isn't
he picking up?
Why didn't he call to
say he was gonna be late?
What if he's seeing
someone else?
No, he wouldn't do that to me.
But, we have been apart
from each other
for like a whole year.
It makes sense that his
eyes might have wandered
in another direction.
But we texted every day, and
Shoji was studying like crazy
for his exams.
I don't see how he could
have been cheating on me.
But Shoji is a guy, so.
- A guy can sleep with a girl
without having feelings for her.
That's how guys are.
- [Nana K] Yeah, I remember
him saying something lame
like that before we
started seeing each other.
What if he wasn't talking
about guys in general?
What if he was talking about
himself?
- Shoji, who do you like better?
Me or that country girl of
yours?
- No contest, Sachiko, it's you.
- Oh my God, I'm going nuts
here!
Who the hell is Sachiko?
(Nana pants)
Time for bed.
(clock ticking)
Sachiko, Sachiko, Sachiko.
That name means happy child.
It's no use, I can't sleep.
Waiting for your husband to
come home at night really sucks.
Well, he's not my husband.
I wonder if this is what
Takashi's wife was feeling
when I was out with him.
I guess this is payback time.
The curse of the demon Lord.
- Nana, what are you
doing out there?
You're gonna catch a cold!
- Shoji?
Welcome home!
- [Shoji] Hey, watch out!
What?
But I sent you a text message
saying I was gonna be late.
- Oh yeah, right.
I don't see one.
I can't believe you
think I'd fall
for such an obvious lie.
You were with Sachiko.
- I swore I sent it.
Look it's right here
in my outbox.
I sent it to Junko by mistake.
(phone beeping)
- What an idiot!
- Huh?
- I don't understand why
Shoji doesn't just ask Nana
if she wants to move
in with him.
- It seems obvious to me.
He doesn't want her relying
on him all the time.
He wants her to be more
independent.
- Believe me, I'm all for that.
But expecting that from
Nana is a waste of time.
- I hear you.
Shoji's been so busy studying
this year.
No wonder he's been worried
about the relationship.
- Why worried?
He's not thinking of breaking up
with her?
- No, no.
The opposite.
He actually wants to marry her.
- Marry her?
That's crazy, he's
only 20 years old.
- He knows that.
I don't think he wants
to do it right away.
He's going to college,
which means he won't be able
to support Nana financially
for a few more years.
So now he's worrying about
whether he should quit
going to school altogether and
just go out
and get himself a good job.
- What's there to worry about?
He should make her wait.
Throwing your life's plans away
for the sake of a woman
is a stupid thing to do.
- Well, yeah, totally.
But, you know Nana.
You really think she
can wait all those years
till Shoji's ready
to support her?
- I don't know.
Suppose she meet some
older, smarter, richer guy
who promises to look after her.
She'll probably run off with
him without a second thought.
- You think?
- Sure, why not?
If a guy like that ever came
along,
I'd consider going with him.
- Yeah, I bet you
probably would.
- Oh, why are you so laid
back about everything?
- What?
How did this suddenly turn
into a conversation about me?
- Nana?
What in hell's name did
you think you were doing?
Sometimes, you can be so naive.
You don't even know this girl.
You can't move in with
a total stranger.
It's too much of a risk.
- Shoji, I've already
heard it from Jun.
I don't need to hear it from you
too.
- Okay, okay.
Let's think about this.
- I'm sorry.
- All right, I've got it.
Let's live together, okay?
If you don't wanna
live on your own,
then you should stay here.
- Yes, but.
- Are you worried there
won't be enough room here
for both of us?
We could look for something
bigger.
- It has nothing to do with
that.
If we live together,
I'm scared you're gonna start
hating me.
I can be a selfish,
spoiled brat sometimes.
- Don't you think I know
that already?
I'm definitely used to
that by now.
- That's mean!
- I'm just kidding.
So you want to do it, huh?
- Shoji, thank you for that.
I'm glad to hear you say it.
But there's no way!
Now I've heard those words,
I know how you really
feel about me.
I know that you're
picking me over Sachiko.
- Who the hell's Sachiko?
- The thing is, you're too nice.
And if we live together,
you'd spoil me and I'd
rely on you for everything.
I don't ever wanna become
a burden to you, Shoji.
- But listen, Nana, if you're
gonna be a burden to anyone,
I'd rather you be a burden to
me than to a total stranger.
- I don't wanna be
a burden to anyone.
I'm 20 years old and I need to
know I can look after myself.
I wanna be a strong role
model for girls to look up to.
Please, you have to understand.
- You have to understand
that that's what
I want for you too.
Well, anyway, if you wanna
go and live on your own,
I can't stop you.
Go be independent.
I'd just prefer it if you
weren't living
with some complete stranger.
- But why is that?
Why does everyone have
something against Nana?
- It's not that we have
anything against her.
It's just you aren't exactly
a good judge of people.
- But I know lots about her.
She's beautiful.
And she's got a sexy
voice and she's so cool.
She could be a model, a
movie star, a rock star.
- Would you listen to yourself?
How can you know anything
about what she's really like
from how she looks?
- If you met her, you'd
like her too, Shoji.
But what'll happen if you
end up liking that Nana
more than you like me?
I think I'd die.
- Okay, fine.
Introduce us.
I'll go with you to
the apartment tomorrow.
- You won't fall
in love with her?
- I promise.
I've already got my hands
full with you and Sachiko.
- All right.
That's okay then.
Sachiko is a wild one.
You couldn't handle her
even if you wanted to.
- Who is this Sachiko anyway?
(orchestral music)
- Wow.
When you said the place
was in an old building,
I never thought it'd
be as nice as this.
- The rent's so cheap,
there's gotta be a catch.
Maybe the place is haunted.
- You mean there might be
ghosts?
- He's just trying to spook you.
Why'd you guys come here anyway?
- Well, why shouldn't
we come here?
I'd like to meet this freak
who actually wants
to live with Nana.
She must be out of her mind.
- We can say we're checking
the place out for her parents.
- Okay.
So which one's your apartment?
- It's number 707.
- 707?
- Bad luck!
- When's you guys start
getting superstitious
about the demon Lord?
(bell dinging)
- [Nana] Hmm, no answer.
Maybe Nana's not home yet.
- Don't you have a key?
- [Nana] Oh no, not yet.
- Why not?
You signed the lease and
paid the rent, didn't you?
- Yeah.
But I had to get someone
to be the guarantor,
so I asked my dad.
I'm hoping all the
paperwork is gonna arrive
in the mail by tomorrow.
- Wait a minute.
So you're not technically
renting the place yet?
- Well, I already paid
the agent their fees.
- You've been conned.
I knew it was too
good to be true!
(door squeaking)
(upbeat rock music)
- And who might you be?
- I'm sorry, we must
have the wrong apartment.
- I don't believe this.
- [Kyosuke] Are we on
the right floor?
- [Jun] I knew something
like would happen.
- Yasu what's wrong with this
place?
There's no hot water.
- Put some clothes on.
- It was the right place.
- What?
- Did you call to make
an appointment
to get the gas turned on?
- [Nana O] Turned on?
- Nana!
- Oh, Hey Nana.
Where have you been?
What took you so long?
- [Yasu] Hey, Nana, put some
clothes on.
- So, is that your boyfriend?
- [Nana K] And these are my
friends, too.
- She's totally my type.
- Oh, really, lucky you.
- I'm freezing.
I'm gonna catch a cold if I stay
out here.
What if I lose my precious
singing voice?
- Well, come in.
I didn't know you were her
roommate.
- [Nana] Yes. Sorry.
I mean, thank you.
Sorry!
- Why are you apologizing?
This is your apartment.
You're allowed to go
in without asking.
Hello, I'm Junko Saotome,
I'm a friend of Nana Komatsu.
It's very nice to meet
you and you are?
- She's not shy, I'll
give her that.
- Ah, excuse me for not
introducing myself earlier.
I'm Yasushi Takagi, a friend
and associate of Nana Osaki.
Here's my card.
- Thank you.
- You work for a law firm?
- A lawyer?
- Really?
- Well, I'm still clerking now,
but if you ever need a lawyer
for anything, give me a call.
I'd be happy to help.
- Then do something about this,
Yasu!
I can't deal with this no hot
water thing.
- I already told you, you
need to call the gas company
and get someone to come and--
- Then you call them.
- [Yasu] All right, all right.
What's the number?
- [Nana O] Okay, any of
you guys want some tea?
- Let me help you.
- You got any cups or
a kettle or anything?
- Mm-mm.
- You're useless.
- Oh I'm sorry.
- It doesn't matter.
You won't be able
to use the stove
until the gas is turned on.
- [Nana O] Oh, right.
- I never knew you
had to do that.
- So when are they coming?
- Don't know, the line was busy.
You're gonna need
to fill this out
and send it to the power
company for your electricity.
And let me see.
The water's
included in the rent,
so you don't have
to worry about that.
Oh, but don't forget to
register your new address
with city hall.
- Well, I guess we better get
going, Nana.
Looks like we can trust
this guy to take care
of everything for you.
- We can?
- Y'all take it easy now, okay?
- Huh, is everyone leaving
already?
This girl doesn't have
a clue about manners
but I hope you'll
take pity on her.
- And the same goes
for this one.
- Shoji, you sticking
around to coming with us?
You gotta work tonight, right?
- Yeah. I don't know what
I should do.
- Don't feel like you have to
stay here to keep me company.
Nana's here with me,
so I'll be okay.
- Yeah, Shoji.
She'll be fine here with me,
so off you go to your job
and earn some money
like a real man.
- Well, I hope this means
everything's gonna be all right.
That lawyer guy Yasushi
knows what he's doing
getting them settled with
all the apartment stuff.
And I gotta admit, the two Nanas
seem to be getting along
fabulously.
Two peas in a pod.
- The other Nana seems
wackier than our Nana.
If that's even possible.
- [Shoji] Stop saying Nana and
Nana.
I think my worries have
just doubled.
Since Nana means seven,
two Nanas is 14
and square root would be 49.
- [Nana K] And that's how
our lives together began.
There were no problems,
at least not for me.
- Hey Nana, the earliest
appointment I could get
with a gas company is tomorrow.
- What?
You mean I gotta survive
with no heat until tomorrow?
- Don't see a heater
around, so I guess so.
- No way!
- [Yasu] If you get
cold, put on a sweater.
- I don't have one.
I only brought my leather jacket
with me.
I'm gonna freeze to death.
- You could always borrow
one of my sweaters.
- Really?
That's great.
Thanks a lot.
- [Nana K] When I first got to
Tokyo,
I was freaked out
about everything.
Would I get a job?
How would I make it on my own?
How would things go with Shoji?
There was so much to
worry about.
- Whoa, you got a lot of clothes
in there.
You a door to door
sales girl or something?
- Of course.
How'd you like to try this one
on, ma'am?
It's weird, but the one thing
that didn't freak me out
at all was moving in with Nana.
I have no idea why.
It was just one of those
feelings that you can't
describe.
Like it was meant to be.